Qi Tian is in his prime
Not a night market group
It's not something you can point to.
Tell you what?
My Tian Ke
I'm about to marry Ding Sheng's former vice president
You, get out of here
Maybe the vice president will come a while ago and let you go
Then we'll see who gets beaten out in a while
West Sky
You don't think you've helped Miss Ye
You can get carried away
Have you ever considered
If one day he realizes your true colors
How will you end up?
I see it
Maybe Miss Ye has already seen through him
Today, I came here to find a job
You want to try your best to get close to your ex-husband
While laughing at me, I fell in love with Miss Ye
Can I understand that this is not eating grapes?
Can't say sour
Former Vice President, you are here
Who is it? I'm Brother Tian's mother
You see I brought him to you
Miss Tian really looks better than in the photo.
Our brother Tian
I have admired you for a long time
Hello Vice President Chen
Brother-in-law early
There is a little problem with our Tian family capital chain.
Can you hey?
300 million.
OK.
Come on, let's talk in the office